[variant.variant],[variant.ctor] - clarifying the meaning of Ti (#4789)
cplusplus/draft: source/utilities.tex

A program that instantiates the definition of \tcode{variant} with
no template arguments is ill-formed.

\pnum

> In the descriptions that follow, let $i$ be in the range \range{0}{sizeof...(Types)},

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the descriptions that of \ref{variant}, let $i$ be in the range \range{0}{sizeof...(Types)},
```
[variant.variant] is not enough. [variant.relops] and [variant.specalg], which come after it, says "for all _i_" without defining _i_. This suggestion would have it defined.

Author: perhaps
"In the descriptions <del>that</del> of \ref{variant}, let $i$ be in the range \range{0}{sizeof...(Types)}," 
?
Also, if we make this change, do we need the other suggested change ? This should cover that section too.

Reviewer: > perhaps
> "In the descriptions ~that~ of \ref{variant}, let $i$ be in the range \range{0}{sizeof...(Types)},"
> ?

Definitely!

> Also, if we make this change, do we need the other suggested change ? This should cover that section too.

Which change are you talking about? I mentioned everything else because I don't think this would cover it.

Author: The other change in this pull request in [variant.helper] that elaborates on TI in variant_alternative. I believe your suggestion clarifies what TI means there too. On the other hand, "The Ith element of Types, where indexing is zero-based." reads much better than "The type TI". What do you think ?

Reviewer: I think this is defining _i_ and `T`<sub>_i_</sub> specifically, and thus don't cover what `I` and `T`<sub>_`I`_</sub> might mean.

Author: review comments applied

\pnum
\ctype

> The $\tcode{I}^\text{th}$ element of \tcode{Types}, where indexing is zero-based.

Reviewer 2: Why is this better than the original, given that you now have a widely usable definition of  T_i available? Maybe the original should also use code font for `I`.

Reviewer: Probably due to what I said in https://github.com/cplusplus/draft/pull/4789#discussion_r681838323, but I was wrong there. [variant] also uses T<sub>_j_</sub> and T<sub>_I_</sub> (without code font `I`), so I suggest this:
```suggestion
$\tcode{T}_I$.
```

Reviewer 2: But that's basically the status quo, isn't it?

Reviewer: You're right.
